c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.exe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.exe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pdb
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pdb
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.exe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pdb
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pdbx
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pdbx
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pdbx
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pdbx
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\obj\Debug\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.exe
c:\users\andro\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d\obj\Debug\NetduinoPlus2 I2C htu21d.pdb
